There are (presumably) some combination of words I could write to you on this pages that would;
a) explain to you how I feel.
b) convince you to send me a titty-pic.
c) not piss you off.
and d) get you to text me telling me how you fell.
But I don't know what that combination is, but if anyone did I'd definitely ask.
I'm not very good with words, at all, so I'm going to hope for 3/4, and set expectations
appropriately lower. This, is a poor attempt at writing you a letter...

I don't know what to say. Even now whilst writing this, without any pressure
to say anything, I still don't know how to put into words how I feel about you, but
here's my best attempt:

I feel completely incomplete without you. The thought of not having you in my
life doesn't make me want to cry because I can't begin to imagine what life would be like
without knowing you. Grasping at the thought is more than enough.

I didn't fall in love with you at first sight. I was an awful friend. Above everything I regret most, I regret that.
If I could change last christmas instead, I would still change the former.

I don't know when I fell in love with you; though I did fall in love with you.

I never told you because I've always thought that you didn't want to hear it.
I don't know if you want to hear it now, although I suspect not.
I wish I knew how you feel, but I have honestly no idea - at all.
Emily says that you don't have any feelings for me. Joe doesn't know - anything.
And my brain softly says no whilst my heart is screams yes.

If I'm completely honest with myself, I guess that I'm deluded. It makes me feel sick
to think that it is all one sided, but that explanation fits. You're too nice to tell me so;
but if it's the truth then I really need to know.

I didn't know what to get you for xmas, but considering it is probably the last time we'll
exchange gifts, I wanted it to be good. I appreciate at first it will seem weird, but hear me
out about how I feel about it. Whatever you and I are, and whatever we will be, there isn't anyone
in the world that I would rather have spent my time with, or would spend the rest of time with.
I don't think I'm particularly materialistic, but this is probably the object value most in my life,
it's what I'm proudest of. No-one makes me smile to think of like you do, and I'm so
proud of all you have achieved across every metric. So now I can think of this gift, and I'll
smile thinking about all of these things.

It makes me much happier now than it did on my bedroom wall.

If you don't like it, well that's okay. I'm self aware enough to realise that it's odd enough
to be disliked, and if that's the case, sorry for the net $$$ loss!

All the best songs are about someone when you sing them in your head; well all these
ones are about you, at least to me. Maybe they can sing the feelings that I can't articulate
in person sometimes - most of the time. All of the time?

It's not over before it's too late, and I wish I could kiss you N last times,

I love you,
